<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>Wooden Heads : 2021-11-02 Meeting Notes</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">Wooden Heads</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Wooden-Heads-Home_113344682.html">Wooden Heads Home</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Meeting-Notes_121405450.html">Meeting Notes</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            Wooden Heads : 2021-11-02 Meeting Notes
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Ariana Puri</span>, last modified on Nov 02, 2021
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <p>All group members in attendance.</p><p><br/></p><p>Meeting goals:</p><p>Get progress updates for SDD, determine what information is necessary for everyone else to finish their parts, and create a plan for continuing.<br/>Get progress updates for TasQ application coding, and discuss any issues.<br/>Determine base spacing and colouring for application pages.<br/>Create a timeline for the end of the project.</p><p><br/></p><p>Discussed:</p><p>Most group members are on track for the SDD, but Sid is sick and needs some help for his sections.<br/>Since most group members are very busy, this will be discussed on Thursday night, to see if Sid is feeling better by then.<br/>The team will improve their use of JIRA tools to track progress.<br/>Team members will send their header files to Ariana for the Class Diagram of the SDD.<br/>The team will use the current defaults for sizing and colour, and create a style sheet to improve user interface after.</p><p><br/></p><p>Next Meeting:</p><p>Team will meet again on Friday at 2:45 via Zoom.</p><p><br/></p>
                    </div>

                                        
                                                      
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Dec 04, 2021 19:03</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="http://www.atlassian.com/">Atlassian</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
